they came to destroy the Guns of
Navarone then Alistair MacLean brought
the back in a new smashing bestseller
force 10 from Navarone a strike force of
different daring dangerous men who must
work together you and I
Robert Shaw we are going to help the
partisans blow up a bridge and then if
we're very lucky we can all go Harrison
Ford
yeah yeah no fridge in the world that
can't be blown
that's what fourth channel is here to
prove Carl Weathers Franco Nero
Edward Fox as Miller a man devoted to
dynamite Barbara Bach as a spy anyone
could love and Richard jaws keel from
the author of the Guns of Navarone from
the director of gold claim
Live and Let Die in a tradition that the
Dirty Dozen
story knives are very cute
force 10 from Navarone well you might
just bend it a little and the paint
break in there but nothing that would
seriously inconvenience the Jerry's out
of them our experts have been studying
that fridge for weeks
and they say it'll blow yes well they're
probably experts at building whereas I'm
an expert at throwing them up well what
would happen to the bridge is that
central arch was suddenly hit by several
million tonnes of water water oh yeah
a crack team of tempers and temperament
some of the wise guys wise in the ways
of war
Robert Shaw Harrison Ford Barbara Bach
Edward Fox Franco Nero Carl Weathers
Richard kill force 10 from Navarone